编程电子书
Programming eBook
Python
Python

Python学习手册(第4版)
Python Learning Manual (4th Edition)
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1b7i3zB58__86uJa2uROjqQ t43j
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1b7i3zB58__86uJa2uROjqQ t43j

Flask Web开发：基于Python的Web应用开发实战
Flask web development: Python-based web application development practice
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1KJzK6CTfkJ8p5VXhUpUusA v14y
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1KJzK6CTfkJ8p5VXhUpUusA v14y

Python数据可视化编程实战
Python data lake visualization programming practice
https://pan.baidu.com/s/11Jz_gN2TBtMwblQxKdYPsQ qmo1
https://pan.baidu.com/s/11Jz_gN2TBtMwblQxKdYPsQ qmo1

利用Python进行数据分析(第二版)
Using Python for data analytics (second edition)
https://pan.baidu.com/s/10Ol-45voHKHqiF-T-znghgfekj
https://pan.baidu.com/s/10Ol-45voHKHqiF-T-znghgfekj

Python编程从入门到实践
Python Programming from Beginner to Practice
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1c3B0e6y_n_nqVfyJ6Ogkxw n2u0
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1c3B0e6y_n_nqVfyJ6Ogkxw n2u0

Python网络编程基础
Fundamentals of Python Network Programming
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1g0-hyAOJVEnNN7Q80sWWLg zd2h
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1g0-hyAOJVEnNN7Q80sWWLg zd2h

Python黑客攻防入门
Getting started with Python hacker attack and defense
https://pan.baidu.com/s/16Wxxii6hYaJtOtUPfsXYpA yf8f
https://pan.baidu.com/s/16Wxxii6hYaJtOtUPfsXYpA yf8f

Python网络数据采集
Python network data collection
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1c7pFgp_BXZWh_uvKiHF4AA gj45
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1c7pFgp_BXZWh_uvKiHF4AA gj45

Python3（廖雪峰）
Python3 (Liao Xuefeng)
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1TgMAD0SzF-L0nvOabqw2Ig nr62
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1TgMAD0SzF-L0nvOabqw2Ig nr62

Python QT GUI快速编程-PYQT编程指南
Python QT GUI Quick Programming-PYQT Programming Guide
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1XNpMJW_TKoYILKtXGCa2nw 6384
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1XNpMJW_TKoYILKtXGCa2nw 6384

深入浅出深度学习：原理剖析与python实践_黄安埠(著)
Deep learning: principle analysis and python practice _ Huang Anbu
https://pan.baidu.com/s/13NkGDlUr19six7JC0aPDmQ 4thx
https://pan.baidu.com/s/13NkGDlUr19six7JC0aPDmQ 4thx

PyQt5快速开发与实战
PyQt5 rapid development and actual combat
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1W5UpxdW1Uiyz5nU9fLWsXA d427
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1W5UpxdW1Uiyz5nU9fLWsXA d427

Python 3网络爬虫开发实战_崔庆才
Cui Qingcai, _ of Python 3 Web Crawler Development
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ycbLIQL5PRe2ChU3hUcGJw lryu
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ycbLIQL5PRe2ChU3hUcGJw lryu

深入Python3
Deep into Python3
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Qgm5k8DWUhRtLPUJpaNZkw jrek
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Qgm5k8DWUhRtLPUJpaNZkw jrek

Python源码剖析
Python source code analysis
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1EbgS6ykUWOeMtejIXDKQag ekq2
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1EbgS6ykUWOeMtejIXDKQag ekq2

流畅的Python
Smooth Python
https://pan.baidu.com/s/11IPfnrCWeVFmBbufnyovLw 4lnt
https://pan.baidu.com/s/11IPfnrCWeVFmBbufnyovLw 4lnt

Python计算机视觉编程
Python computer vision programming
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1uL0fkMq9YO5cGUO_mVFV_Q ttvk
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1uL0fkMq9YO5cGUO_mVFV_Q ttvk

Python科学计算基础教程
Basic Python Scientific Computing Tutorial
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1pmR9nqTjE28sz-kyTFl-XQ 9goz
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1pmR9nqTjE28sz-kyTFl-XQ 9goz

Pandas官方文档中文版
Pandas official doc Chinese version
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1CxZ6CulsMDlTc6shYCGDSg me15
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1CxZ6CulsMDlTc6shYCGDSg me15

Python高级编程
Python Advanced Programming
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1SKtif8U0ENgylaWv3MrSww qjf6
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1SKtif8U0ENgylaWv3MrSww qjf6

Python技术参考大全
Python Technical Reference Book
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1i6wOz7hYD_ES3OThyh8t-g y3sb
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1i6wOz7hYD_ES3OThyh8t-g y3sb

Python袖珍指南 第5版
Python Pocket Guide, 5th Edition
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1U1y5NK8_nn5CJmTsfl5LiA t7lb
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1U1y5NK8_nn5CJmTsfl5LiA t7lb

Python编程快速上手 让繁琐工作自动化
Python programming gets started quickly and automates tedious work
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1RRAkjgzlWCbEZ4SdTUXCdA v2g5
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1RRAkjgzlWCbEZ4SdTUXCdA v2g5

Python游戏编程快速上手第4版
Python Game Programming Quick Start 4th Edition
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1MwGTil7TZ9dsyWxTi5_9Hg ro0g
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1MwGTil7TZ9dsyWxTi5_9Hg ro0g

Dive Into Python 3中文版
Dive Into Python 3 Chinese Version
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1hR4seOJY99kl90Zr_itf_A py4d
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1hR4seOJY99kl90Zr_itf_A py4d

Effective+Python.编写高质量Python代码的59个有效方法.Brett+Slatkin
Effective + Python. 59 effective ways to write high-quality Python code. Brett + Slatkin
https://pan.baidu.com/s/12HFp5xBXSH9_Ypffd5nOWA l7yt
https://pan.baidu.com/s/12HFp5xBXSH9_Ypffd5nOWA l7yt

Python极客项目编程
Python Geek Project Programming
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Xk2R3HK0Zoftcr4L-zJQQA 4e1g
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Xk2R3HK0Zoftcr4L-zJQQA 4e1g

Python最佳实践指南
Python Best Practice Guide
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1XJLV9yk6f-ELdN9XsHKrpA 430y
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1XJLV9yk6f-ELdN9XsHKrpA 430y

深度学习_中文版
Deep learning _ Chinese version
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1tvfwixLV6sZkNvlAWHQf4g dcjs
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1tvfwixLV6sZkNvlAWHQf4g dcjs

C 语言
C language

C语言参考手册第五版 中文版
C Language Reference Manual Fifth Edition, Chinese Edition
https://pan.baidu.com/s/127pWh_Des-YvwHWJWHpkaw feeu
https://pan.baidu.com/s/127pWh_Des-YvwHWJWHpkaw feeu

C语言大全第4版
The 4th Edition of the C Language Encyclopedia
https://pan.baidu.com/s/10Je67QPagSVyHToOnkVJTg 5i5k
https://pan.baidu.com/s/10Je67QPagSVyHToOnkVJTg 5i5k

C语言程序设计_现代方法
C programming _ modern methods
https://pan.baidu.com/s/13iSzS4HhXnOGudmlkYZZDA 7yix
https://pan.baidu.com/s/13iSzS4HhXnOGudmlkYZZDA 7yix

C和指针（中文版）
C and pointer (Chinese version)
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1q5mh8pb10zusV0DNKiXYuQ 25wy
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1q5mh8pb10zusV0DNKiXYuQ 25wy

C高级实用程序设计
C Advanced Utility Design
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1okuxPWLVdOQL81hyqyDfrw 9sek
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1okuxPWLVdOQL81hyqyDfrw 9sec

C陷阱与缺陷.Andrew.Koenig
C traps and defects. Andrew. Koenig
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1VFsKvRlDya2Y1f1spIFS7g mnwm
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1VFsKvRlDya2Y1f1spIFS7g mnwm

你必须知道的495个C语言问题
495 C language problems you must know
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1bYY5TF3tbFQExGrdYnMjvA phs6
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1bYY5TF3tbFQExGrdYnMjvA phs6

Advanced C
Advanced C
https://pan.baidu.com/s/11wY_X0V9vBRXlON1acOyJw 47sb
https://pan.baidu.com/s/11wY_X0V9vBRXlON1acOyJw 47sb

C专家编程
C expert programming
https://pan.baidu.com/s/16JpFUFO2VM3jMMcq_jAFzg k8d5
https://pan.baidu.com/s/16JpFUFO2VM3jMMcq_jAFzg k8d5

C Primer Plus 5th
C Primer Plus 5th
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1EbDvxeKkg-N1ypkJ-PN7lg 2dv9
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1EbDvxeKkg-N1ypkJ-PN7lg 2dv9

Java
Java

数据结构与算法分析_Java语言描述(第2版).韦斯.扫描版
Data Structure and Algorithm Analysis _Java Language Description (2nd Edition). Wes. Scan version
https://pan.baidu.com/s/19-WgdVXbrbzPyQGe6Y3u6Q 3br4
https://pan.baidu.com/s/19-WgdVXbrbzPyQGe6Y3u6Q 3br4

Java加密与解密的艺术-中文版
The Art of Java Encryption and Decryption
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1OpsNP90r7ClWgr5e14muew hanx
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1OpsNP90r7ClWgr5e14muew hanx

Java核心技术 卷1 基础知识 原书第9版
Java Core Techniques, Volume 1 Fundamentals, 9th Edition of the Original Book
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Pe6bhpaEqJ_y5s7FkG3vig xgqb
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Pe6bhpaEqJ_y5s7FkG3vig xgqb

Java核心技术 卷2 高级特性 原书第9版
Java Core Technology, Volume 2 Advanced Features, 9th Edition of the original book
https://pan.baidu.com/s/175MUbkjGijVnFWQDC8mdAA c5ba
https://pan.baidu.com/s/175MUbkjGijVnFWQDC8mdAA c5ba

图解HTTP
Illustrated HTTP
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1R7H9NuU-vhMMK2CdmRnBjA fyih
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1R7H9NuU-vhMMK2CdmRnBjA fyih

编程之美——微软技术面试心得
The Beauty of Programming-Microsoft Technology Interview Experience
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1nXWtvQUn_XhQb9cyt_5RiQ ti5e
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1nXWtvQUn_XhQb9cyt_5RiQ ti5e

深入理解Java虚拟机(第二版).中文版
Deep Understanding Java Virtual Machines (Second Edition). Chinese version
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1tdc1uP2mc4g_6OHjCUaKnw 89v1
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1tdc1uP2mc4g_6OHjCUaKnw 89v1

Java基础教程
Java Basic Tutorial
https://pan.baidu.com/s/19tPUI79kOGkpfFQDY4QciA 5wqb
https://pan.baidu.com/s/19tPUI79kOGkpfFQDY4QciA 5wqb

Head First Java(第2版)中文版
Head First Java (2nd Edition) Chinese Version
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1HI0EY09OVsjmHdoLgsK9eQ nei4
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1HI0EY09OVsjmHdoLgsK9eQ nei4

Java程序员面试宝典
Java Programmer Interview Guide
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ZRMpg4DtJ8S-F9DKxa5hAg ftjz
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ZRMpg4DtJ8S-F9DKxa5hAg ftjz

Java常用算法手册
Java Common Algorithms Manual
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1dNJtah6oycaFCmNkdrxteg ce9b
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1dNJtah6oycaFCmNkdrxteg ce9b

大型网站系统与Java中间件实践
The practice of large-scale website system and Java middleware
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1E6qeh1rCiIWcUvptSxB4Aw qkse
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1E6qeh1rCiIWcUvptSxB4Aw qkse

Java多线程编程核心技术_完整版
Java Multi-threaded Programming Core Technology _ Full Version
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1lhAQLXMvcGM0HYGR3KYsDQ tnvy
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1lhAQLXMvcGM0HYGR3KYsDQ tnvy

实战Java高并发程序设计
Practical Java high concurrency programming
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1PkjFRsjgA1D6iGFoufwMAg y26j
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1PkjFRsjgA1D6iGFoufwMAg y26j

剑指offer
Sword offer
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1JwUiE9qVYMAuOyy03ZOOag igf8
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1JwUiE9qVYMAuOyy03ZOOag igf8

Go 语言
Go language

Go语言圣经
Golang bible
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1PwQ28pkAaQibuitPawjQrQ p9a2
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1PwQ28pkAaQibuitPawjQrQ p9a2

Go_web_编程
Go_web_ programming
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ZyKWRhXzcLwmxPDJ7zio6A c69x
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ZyKWRhXzcLwmxPDJ7zio6A c69x

Go 学习笔记 第四版
Go Study Notes, Fourth Edition
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1su_rwaLTLMAjChfs3Zn23A dhga
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1su_rwaLTLMAjChfs3Zn23A dhga

Go语言学习笔记-雨痕
Golang study notes-rain marks
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ayFcbdGy-TvbmeYJycEN0w 1ybu
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ayFcbdGy-TvbmeYJycEN0w 1ybu

Go语言编程
Golang programming
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1aClmEiooilBUEBfA4j0R0w 8vx9
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1aClmEiooilBUEBfA4j0R0w 8vx9

学习 Go 语言(Golang)
Learn Go Language (Golang)
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1L-L2RnRraK8EKuEn3mBaMQ g93v
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1L-L2RnRraK8EKuEn3mBaMQ g93v

C++
C++

C++编程艺术
C++ programming art
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1c73Knn3H-uH6nyCPH6Epfg 9m1t
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1c73Knn3H-uH6nyCPH6Epfg 9m1t

C++编程规范-101条规则准则与最佳实践
C++ Programming Specifications 101 Rules Guidelines and Best Practices
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1zjb1Y4eyQXDueXQjZz-pGA fh5x
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1zjb1Y4eyQXDueXQjZz-pGA fh5x

C和C++安全编码（中文版）.Robert.C.Seacord
C and C++ security code (Chinese version). Robert. C. Seacord
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1X-jeEoXMR9VOoDJr8GE98A w2m2
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1X-jeEoXMR9VOoDJr8GE98A w2m2

提高C++性能的编程技术.左飞
Programming techniques to improve C++ performance. Fly left
https://pan.baidu.com/s/18WHWGcfr8c-mUXjn_BdFXA uprr
https://pan.baidu.com/s/18WHWGcfr8c-mUXjn_BdFXA uprr

深度探索C++对象模型
Deep Exploration C++ Object Model
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1PFeUWXMVvbVUIZJsN1eY5g 7jhe
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1PFeUWXMVvbVUIZJsN1eY5g 7jhe

R 语言
R language

R语言书籍的学习路线图
Learning Roadmap for R Language Books
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1H6w5K4A_r1-l3-smGGty4Q syr5
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1H6w5K4A_r1-l3-smGGty4Q syr5

R语言环境下的文本挖掘
Text Mining in R Language Environment
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1s4hSL6MB3W_uNIe3fgtASg 3kky
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1s4hSL6MB3W_uNIe3fgtASg 3kky

R语言简明参考卡片
R language concise reference card
https://pan.baidu.com/s/11Kn45B9qzEc9YV9oQTFISA 9xz6
https://pan.baidu.com/s/11Kn45B9qzEc9YV9oQTFISA 9xz6

R语言与网站分析 [李明著]
R Language and Website Analysis
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1FTJVZ4S1cMSEM_xns_6bEQ pbrf
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1FTJVZ4S1cMSEM_xns_6bEQ pbrf

数据挖掘与R语言
Data Mining and R Language
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1PZ1MfvYviBjHFIBxz13UTQ 7j3b
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1PZ1MfvYviBjHFIBxz13UTQ 7j3b

时间序列分析及应用：R语言（第2版）
Time Series Analysis and Applications: R Language (2nd Edition)
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ouQMlfbf5LaY09Fn4i4sAg 78in
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ouQMlfbf5LaY09Fn4i4sAg 78in

R语言核心技术手册_第2版
R Language Core Technical Manual _ 2nd Edition
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1xdGAUFfJH4xKuYTVIb3d-Q 7nbb
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1xdGAUFfJH4xKuYTVIb3d-Q 7nbb

R语言经典实例
R language classic examples
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1_f99Hj-dB4ofXkn372bI_g 7u8q
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1_f99Hj-dB4ofXkn372bI_g 7u8q

R语言实战
R language practice
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1h8H73iz4er6Vy3s_ZJ-PcQ qwk6
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1h8H73iz4er6Vy3s_ZJ-PcQ qwk6

R语言编程艺术
R language programming art
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1SftIW_7nPnDC-KtreZJdFA je6p
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1SftIW_7nPnDC-KtreZJdFA je6p

Matlab
Matlab

MATLAB揭秘
MATLAB reveals
https://pan.baidu.com/s/16yUkKeIBjSsPCsWQHzICTQ 33tq
https://pan.baidu.com/s/16yUkKeIBjSsPCsWQHzICTQ 33tq

Matlab经典教程——从入门到精通
Matlab Classic Tutorials - From Getting Started to Mastery
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1rdXZXzUjbHxdFrdPO7hyNQ u2yw
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1rdXZXzUjbHxdFrdPO7hyNQ u2yw

MATLAB统计工具箱使用手册
MATLAB Statistics Toolbox User Manual
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1IAA0-6ETTcnmcs-eJZ2sPA m1j2
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1IAA0-6ETTcnmcs-eJZ2sPA m1j2

基于MATLAB Simulink的系统仿真技术与应用-薛定宇
System Simulation Technology and Application Based on MATLAB Simulink
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1p5kjGemKFL6i4tfbTk2jlg 693x
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1p5kjGemKFL6i4tfbTk2jlg 693x

精通MATLAB科学计算
Proficient in MATLAB scientific calculation
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Yy1-o9BuXfLMKUSWGFpekw y45i
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Yy1-o9BuXfLMKUSWGFpekw y45i

Matlab数学建模算法全收录（数学建模比赛必备参考资料）
Full collection of Matlab mathematical modeling algorithms (essential reference materials for mathematical modeling competitions)
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1x44pdf21dSJ9y4axLLmvWA ku7r
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1x44pdf21dSJ9y4axLLmvWA ku7r

数据库
Database

MYSQL必知必会
MYSQL must know
https://pan.baidu.com/s/16eRSvMiUGrqSTvgBEN1njg pvfe
https://pan.baidu.com/s/16eRSvMiUGrqSTvgBEN1njg pvfe

深入学习MongoDB
Learn more about MongoDB
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1PsfB3J7cBzf-OmcZZP9X2A ls8v
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1PsfB3J7cBzf-OmcZZP9X2A ls8v

Redis入门指南
Redis Getting Started Guide
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1YJdzxlawZ-Iq6S8bjcEFng 8uzz
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1YJdzxlawZ-Iq6S8bjcEFng 8uzz

高可用MySQL-构建健壮的数据中心
Highly Available MySQL-Build a Robust DataPlatform
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Tcp9asHRE23O1QoCB7Bpvg ewnf
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Tcp9asHRE23O1QoCB7Bpvg ewnf

Oracle+SQL+高级编程
Oracle + SQL + Advanced Programming
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1vC4YH5u5sCuUVd30qB5sSQ 9j7h
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1vC4YH5u5sCuUVd30qB5sSQ 9j7h

SQL宝典
SQL Book
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ca1vp6DArpQ97HaJuzgWpw 40co
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ca1vp6DArpQ97HaJuzgWpw 40co

高性能MySQL(第二版)
High Performance MySQL (Second Edition)
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1vblCy3klzHe9dD38mP5hVA 4x5s
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1vblCy3klzHe9dD38mP5hVA 4x5s

Postgre SQL 7 数据库开发指南
Postgre SQL 7 Database Development Guide
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1qCHDTgDXX7GeOEw6fvyNkQ 24jg
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1qCHDTgDXX7GeOEw6fvyNkQ 24jg

操作系统
Operating system

鸟哥的Linux私房菜-基础学习篇(第四版)
Bird's Linux Private Cuisine-Basic Learning (Fourth Edition)
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Jn7hfh4H2sBUjHjpwOhcJg azx2
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Jn7hfh4H2sBUjHjpwOhcJg azx2

Shell脚本学习指南
Shell Scripting Learning Guide
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1X6kZUeZkQSOln31UciPJZQ rtw1
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1X6kZUeZkQSOln31UciPJZQ rtw1

Linux内核精髓-精通Linux内核必会的75个绝技
Linux Core Essence-75 stunts that must be mastered Linux kernel
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Lq9q42fqVRrrB8AzwggVVA oyon
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Lq9q42fqVRrrB8AzwggVVA oyon

Linux系统管理技术手册(第二版)_(美)奈米斯
Linux System Management Technical Manual (Second Edition) _ (US) Nemis
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1dktosWjpgUD6N14F62BveA g0ua
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1dktosWjpgUD6N14F62BveA g0ua

Linux高性能服务器编程
Linux High Performance Server Programming
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Ljcb7LkuoiAYqNCneNDAgw utcu
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Ljcb7LkuoiAYqNCneNDAgw utcu

Linux Shell脚本攻略(中文版带书签)
Linux shell script introduction (Chinese version with bookmarks)
https://pan.baidu.com/s/11WcXkI_QO55Suez-z3lN8g tjlk
https://pan.baidu.com/s/11WcXkI_QO55Suez-z3lN8g tjlk

Linux内核设计与实现
Linux kernel design and implementation
https://pan.baidu.com/s/15havOLTHvFXejp6LpGMMoQ jp34
https://pan.baidu.com/s/15havOLTHvFXejp6LpGMMoQ jp34

Git
Git

Pro Git 中文版本
Pro Git Chinese version
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1tA6Kg0vSULZM0Z7Mo4CrGw 7dl1
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1tA6Kg0vSULZM0Z7Mo4CrGw 7dl1

版本控制之道——使用Git
The Way to Version Control - Using Git
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1vydwvPt6NiUzOkevqJL5GQ wbwh
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1vydwvPt6NiUzOkevqJL5GQ wbwh

算法
Algorithm

算法(第4版)
Algorithms (4th Edition)
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1K13VyjdkMxVEifjV84JZQw oti9
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1K13VyjdkMxVEifjV84JZQw oti9

算法导论
Introduction to Algorithms
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1HS7F1huRKje6MUiEOxQMdA fg1f
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1HS7F1huRKje6MUiEOxQMdA fg1f

啊哈！算法
Aha! Algorithm
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1m4YNRdCyLvBy0YKx1OSZGA a38c
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1m4YNRdCyLvBy0YKx1OSZGA a38c

算法精解 C语言描述
Algorithm Solution C Language Description
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ewKLu30CTsaUrZpWlHaB6g kg5h
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ewKLu30CTsaUrZpWlHaB6g kg5h

算法之道(第二版)
The Way of Algorithms (Second Edition)
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1c5leFLzLgnFS5BnZjhIxcQ ktrp
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1c5leFLzLgnFS5BnZjhIxcQ ktrp

算法概论
Introduction to Algorithms
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1rafOB4ZoXxf7Bsqel0c2jw rrgs
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1rafOB4ZoXxf7Bsqel0c2jw rrgs

算法帝国
Algorithmic empire
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1RykMqXiFOSkrYArVoOJUFQ 1b5c
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1RykMqXiFOSkrYArVoOJUFQ 1b5c

数学及相关
Mathematics and related

统计学（第6版）
Statistics (6th Edition)
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1pJS_o3db8tCVF_DDeFwnBg 2jn6
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1pJS_o3db8tCVF_DDeFwnBg 2jn6

统计学习基础 数据挖掘、推理与预测
Fundamentals of statistical learning, data mining, reasoning and prediction
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1cnj9YFgXU6HjJVNQwnnPYA wlx9
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1cnj9YFgXU6HjJVNQwnnPYA wlx9

统计学习方法
Statistical learning methods
https://pan.baidu.com/s/127waJWjqdBcSVB4c8J-Ofg 8986
https://pan.baidu.com/s/127waJWjqdBcSVB4c8J-Ofg 8986

统计学方法与数据分析引论（上、下册）
Introduction to statistical methods and data analytics (Volume 1 and Volume 2)
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1klI1D_gaZQYIlOjzaDdVZA heqr
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1klI1D_gaZQYIlOjzaDdVZA heqr

数理统计与数据分析（第3版）
Mathematical Statistics and Data Analytics (3rd Edition)
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1eBwTt1SUvzXu7r34byQBhQ qk3h
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1eBwTt1SUvzXu7r34byQBhQ qk3h

素数之恋：黎曼和数学中最大的未解之迷（美）约翰·德比希尔
The Love of Prime Numbers: Riemann and the Biggest Unsolved Myth in Mathematics (US) John Derbyshire
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1nrcWago0Ds-l8w8i45lO8A 5ijr
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1nrcWago0Ds-l8w8i45lO8A 5ijr

其他
Other

程序员修炼之道
Programmer cultivation
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1nxfcGrYyTsjCp38MHJ8Ygw d1ki
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1nxfcGrYyTsjCp38MHJ8Ygw d1ki

重构改善既有代码的设计
Refactoring improves the design of existing code
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1JrhNpqFsYnQxDo4iukij3w j8qy
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1JrhNpqFsYnQxDo4iukij3w j8qy

人月神话
Man-moon myth
https://pan.baidu.com/s/13sl8923Q4D2BHQiZM-31IQ smiv
https://pan.baidu.com/s/13sl8923Q4D2BHQiZM-31IQ smiv

代码整洁之道
Code neatness
https://pan.baidu.com/s/176Nc46DerN2SzlOeY-BI7w gkse
https://pan.baidu.com/s/176Nc46DerN2SzlOeY-BI7w gkse

计算机程序的构造和解释
Construction and interpretation of computer programs
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1NCrppVaJBoN2tsoGz2DmXw 6ogs
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1NCrppVaJBoN2tsoGz2DmXw 6ogs

设计模式
Design pattern
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1iyVkJV8EyUuNANd22D40zw upmd
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1iyVkJV8EyUuNANd22D40zw upmd

代码大全
Code book
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Ywnem3zoknsstLN9kMLrBw bpjt
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Ywnem3zoknsstLN9kMLrBw bpjt

大话数据结构
Big talk data structure
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1PjyYaZu1WRc7mOn66uxTNw g5r4
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1PjyYaZu1WRc7mOn66uxTNw g5r4

编译原理_斯坦福
Compiling Principle _ Stanford
https://pan.baidu.com/s/17RSJSX3mOrOYaCot5x4KEQ ijd8
https://pan.baidu.com/s/17RSJSX3mOrOYaCot5x4KEQ ijd8

计算机程序的构造和解释
Construction and interpretation of computer programs
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1FWNVxEdsbSTefUwCsYCOmA 084y
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1FWNVxEdsbSTefUwCsYCOmA 084y

现代操作系统（第三版）
Modern Operating Systems (Third Edition)
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1AB51mrXnnFQCl-96xqe-Ug nann
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1AB51mrXnnFQCl-96xqe-Ug nann

计算机网络：自顶向下方法(第四版)
Computer Networks: A Top-Down Approach (Fourth Edition)
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1SPoWDhvRgGI2xNzY6NIqtA 2kt3
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1SPoWDhvRgGI2xNzY6NIqtA 2kt3

网络是怎样连接的
How the network is connected
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1jzfW1DdI0LOZvt6NjqZ_ng wfg0
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1jzfW1DdI0LOZvt6NjqZ_ng wfg0

老码识途 从机器码到框架的系统观逆向修炼之路
Old code knows the way, from machine code to framework system view reverse cultivation road
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1W-zEi8jj2d6NfoZ11hWi2w 424k
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1W-zEi8jj2d6NfoZ11hWi2w 424k

程序员的职业素养
Programmer's professionalism
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1HbG3-mNMBizIB9fxFTTgsg epxw
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1HbG3-mNMBizIB9fxFTTgsg epxw

程序员跳槽全攻略
Programmer job-hopping full strategy
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ThCyCfM7KtyCN7GweNIllQ qn4k
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ThCyCfM7KtyCN7GweNIllQ qn4k

黑客攻防实战编程
Hacker Offensive and Defensive Programming
https://pan.baidu.com/s/17WCZWRwSFpcHy5lcMFJhRA 22dc
https://pan.baidu.com/s/17WCZWRwSFpcHy5lcMFJhRA 22dc

编程珠玑2（中文）
Programming Zhuji 2 (Chinese)
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1wLscxqiH8Wn5oi7-opYAKA bswn
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1wLscxqiH8Wn5oi7-opYAKA bswn

编码：隐匿在计算机软硬件背后的语言
Coding: the language hidden behind computer hardware and software
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Orzq1i2i4Ybt3I_zsMIsFA u73d
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Orzq1i2i4Ybt3I_zsMIsFA u73d

禅与摩托车维修艺术
Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1lW3QRfJaCarv5dm-Ir4aMQ bjsb
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1lW3QRfJaCarv5dm-Ir4aMQ bjsb

交互设计之路
The Road to Interaction Design
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1KgGC-08AFFUahLCPpwfnFQ n6ef
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1KgGC-08AFFUahLCPpwfnFQ n6ef

高效程序员的45个习惯：敏捷开发修炼之道（中文版）
45 Habits of Effective Programmers: How to Cultivate Agile Development (Chinese version)
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1EJDKFhbWZpwl6433dRgmXw x8pq
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1EJDKFhbWZpwl6433dRgmXw x8pq

点石成金：访客至上的网页设计秘笈
The touch of stone turns into gold: the secret of web design for visitors first
https://pan.baidu.com/s/149p1R3rUgrt-KkLM5Fu4LA ij2g
https://pan.baidu.com/s/149p1R3rUgrt-KkLM5Fu4LA ij2g

编程人生15位软件先驱访谈录
Programming Life Interview with 15 Software Pioneers
https://pan.baidu.com/s/14PaMAQqXhyeUpfKO_u-fWA 8n7f
https://pan.baidu.com/s/14PaMAQqXhyeUpfKO_u-fWA 8n7f
